enable partially entangling ms gates (#101)
PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ: CHANGELOG.md

### Documentation 📝

> * Updated the docstring for the MS operation to include the new `theta` parameter, explaining its use and effects on the gate operation.

Reviewer: The wording sounded like it was documentation added for an existing feature, but it is actually a new feature, so probably change it to:
```suggestion
* The MS operation now includes a new `theta` parameter to specify the entanglement ratio of the qubits.
```
